zany , exuberantly irreverent animated space adventure .
pumpkin sits in a patch somewhere between mirthless todd solondzian satire and callow student film .
it is not a mass-market entertainment but an uncompromising attempt by one artist to think about another .
the tone shifts abruptly from tense to celebratory to soppy .
what parents will suspect is that they 're watching a 76-minute commercial .
a wonderful character-based comedy .
all ends well , sort of , but the frenzied comic moments never click .
if this is the resurrection of the halloween franchise , it would have been better off dead .
topkapi this is not .
too clunky and too busy ribbing itself to be truly entertaining .
too lazy to take advantage of its semi-humorous premise .
it might as well have been problem child iv .
the impact of the armenian genocide is diluted by too much stage business in the modern day .
watching haneke 's film is , aptly enough , a challenge and a punishment .
but it pays a price for its intricate intellectual gamesmanship .
i enjoyed the ride ( bumps and all ) , creamy depth , and ultimate theme .
if you love motown music , you 'll love this documentary .
there are slow and repetitive parts , but it has just enough spice to keep it interesting .
... the sum of the parts equals largely a confused mediocrity .
... in this incarnation its fizz is infectious .
the stories here suffer from the chosen format .
culkin , who 's in virtually every scene , shines as a young man who uses sarcastic lies like a shield .
it 's one of the most honest films ever made about hollywood .
but he loses his focus when he concentrates on any single person .
the film seems a dead weight .
this clever caper movie has twists worthy of david mamet and is enormous fun for thinking audiences .
a charming yet poignant tale of the irrevocable ties that bind .
a baffling misfire , and possibly the weakest movie ( woody allen ) has made in the last twenty years .
this is a film well worth seeing , talking and singing heads and all .
a whole lot foul , freaky and funny .
quick : who wants to see a comedy about shoddy airport security ?
static , repetitive , muddy and blurry , hey arnold !
i like the new footage and still love the old stuff .
... a haunting vision , with images that seem more like disturbing hallucinations .
makes an aborbing if arguable case for the man 's greatness .
the movie has a soft , percolating magic , a deadpan suspense .
gollum 's ` performance ' is incredible !
a moody horror/thriller elevated by deft staging and the director 's well-known narrative gamesmanship .
blessed with immense physical prowess he may well be , but ahola is simply not an actor .
men in black ii has sequel-itis something fierce .
here 's a british flick gleefully unconcerned with plausibility , yet just as determined to entertain you .
these are names to remember , in order to avoid them in the future .
a clutchy , indulgent and pretentious travelogue and diatribe against ... well , just stuff .
has it ever been possible to say that williams has truly inhabited a character ?
not only does the movie fail to make us part of its reality , it fails the most basic relevancy test as well .
it smacks of purely commercial motivation , with no great love for the original .
gee , a second assassin shot kennedy ?
shocking only in that it reveals the filmmaker 's bottomless pit of self-absorption .
pretty darn good , despite its smarty-pants aura .
the issue of faith is not explored very deeply
you might not buy the ideas .
oedekerk wrote patch adams , for which he should not be forgiven .
biggie and tupac is so single-mindedly daring , it puts far more polished documentaries to shame .
the best way to hope for any chance of enjoying this film is by lowering your expectations .
outrageousness is all plympton seemed to be going for this time .
like old myths and wonder tales spun afresh .
it would be hard to think of a recent movie that has worked this hard to achieve this little fun .
it 's a worthwhile tutorial in quantum physics and slash-dash
the spark of special anime magic here is unmistakable and hard to resist .
... has virtually no script at all ...
the movie bounces all over the map .
not a bad journey at all .
most new movies have a bright sheen .
barely goes beyond comic book status .
the kids often appear to be reading the lines and are incapable of conveying any emotion .
( wendigo is ) why we go to the cinema : to be fed through the eye , the heart , the mind .
it wo n't be long before you 'll spy i spy at a video store near you .
an intermittently pleasing but mostly routine effort .
compelling revenge thriller , though somewhat weakened by a miscast leading lady .
the film would work much better as a video installation in a museum , where viewers would be free to leave .
haneke challenges us to confront the reality of sexual aberration .
the movie has an avalanche of eye-popping visual effects .
a painfully leaden film destined for pre-dawn cable television slots .
a great comedy filmmaker knows great comedy need n't always make us laugh .
a great idea becomes a not-great movie .
propelled not by characters but by caricatures .
the film is all a little lit crit 101 , but it 's extremely well played and often very funny .
there are weird resonances between actor and role here , and they 're not exactly flattering .
how did it ever get made ?
one of the most haunting , viciously honest coming-of-age films in recent memory .
almost everything else is wan .
this road movie gives you emotional whiplash , and you 'll be glad you went along for the ride .
despite its flaws , secretary stays in your head and makes you question your own firmly held positions .
message movie or an action-packed submarine spectacular ?
formula 51 is so trite that even yu 's high-energy action stylings ca n't break through the stupor .
remember when bond had more glamour than clamor ?
the film makes a strong case for the importance of the musicians in creating the motown sound .
fuller would surely have called this gutsy and at times exhilarating movie a great yarn .
invincible is a wonderful movie .
a real movie , about real people , that gives us a rare glimpse into a culture most of us do n't know .
it dares to be a little different , and that shading is what makes it worthwhile .
any film featuring young children threatened by a terrorist bomb can no longer pass as mere entertainment .
it 's a glorious groove that leaves you wanting more .
jolie 's performance vanishes somewhere between her hair and her lips .
benefits from a strong performance from zhao , but it 's dong jie 's face you remember at the end .
it virtually defines a comedy that 's strongly mediocre , with funny bits surfacing every once in a while .
a taut , intelligent psychological drama .
characters wander into predictably treacherous situations even though they should know better .
this overproduced and generally disappointing effort is n't likely to rouse the rush hour crowd .
longley has constructed a remarkably coherent , horrifically vivid snapshot of those turbulent days .
but it offers plenty to ponder and chew on as its unusual relationship slowly unfolds .
run , do n't walk , to see this barbed and bracing comedy on the big screen .
a very funny movie .
little more than a frothy vanity project .
the new guy does have a heart .
very solid , very watchable first feature for director peter sheridan
it sounds sick and twisted , but the miracle of shainberg 's film is that it truly is romance
this may be the dumbest , sketchiest movie on record about an aspiring writer 's coming-of-age .
frenetic but not really funny .
i watched the brainless insanity of no such thing with mounting disbelief .
her film is unrelentingly claustrophobic and unpleasant .
frustratingly , dridi tells us nothing about el gallo other than what emerges through his music .
subversive , meditative , clinical and poetic , the piano teacher is a daring work of genius .
i spy is an embarrassment , a monotonous , disjointed jumble of borrowed plot points and situations .
the ending is a cop-out .
it 's as close as we 'll ever come to looking through a photographer 's viewfinder as he works .
an overstuffed compendium of teen-catholic-movie dogma .
it will come as no surprise that the movie is n't scary .
all that ( powerpuff girls ) charm is present in the movie , but it 's spread too thin .
you 'll have more fun setting fire to yourself in the parking lot .
