ritchie 's treatment of the class reversal is majorly ham-fisted , from the repetitive manifestos that keep getting thrown in people 's faces to the fact amber is such a joke .
dark and disturbing , but also surprisingly funny .
one of the best of the year .
as lo-fi as the special effects are , the folks who cobbled nemesis together indulge the force of humanity over hardware in a way that george lucas has long forgotten .
director brian levant , who never strays far from his sitcom roots , skates blithely from one implausible situation to another , pausing only to tie up loose ends with more bows than you 'll find on a french poodle .
their film falters , however , in its adherence to the disney philosophy of required poignancy , a salute that i 'd hoped the movie would avoid .
the visuals alone make metropolis worth seeing .
whether seen on a 10-inch television screen or at your local multiplex , the edge-of-your-seat , educational antics of steve irwin are priceless entertainment .
an eccentric little comic/thriller deeply in love with its own quirky personality .
it is ridiculous , of course ... but it is also refreshing , disarming , and just outright enjoyable despite its ridiculousness .
divertingly ridiculous , headbangingly noisy .
a worthwhile way to spend two hours .
well-shot but badly written tale set in a future ravaged by dragons .
a startling and fresh examination of how the bike still remains an ambiguous icon in chinese society .
this ecologically minded , wildlife friendly film teaches good ethics while entertaining with its unconventionally wacky but loving family
would seem to have a lock on the title of ugliest movie of the year .
watching it is rather like an overlong visit from a large group of your relatives .
it is also , at times , curiously moving .
absorbing and disturbing -- perhaps more disturbing than originally intended -- but a little clarity would have gone a long way .
the new guy does have a heart .
the sequel has turned completely and irrevocably bizarre to the point of utter nonsense .
the diversity of the artists represented , both in terms of style and ethnicity , prevents the proceedings from feeling repetitious , as does the appropriately brief 40-minute running time .
the second chapter of the harry potter series is even more magical than the first and simply the best family film of the year .
... one of the most ingenious and entertaining thrillers i 've seen in quite a long time .
it suggests the wide-ranging effects of media manipulation , from the kind of reporting that is done by the supposedly liberal media ... to the intimate and ultimately tragic heartache of maverick individuals like hatfield and hicks .
at heart the movie is a deftly wrought suspense yarn whose richer shadings work as coloring rather than substance .
aspires for the piquant but only really achieves a sort of ridiculous sourness .
the piano teacher is the sort of movie that discourages american audiences from ever wanting to see another foreign film .
frida 's artistic brilliance is undeniable -- it 's among the most breathtakingly designed films i 've ever seen .
day is not a great bond movie , but it is a good bond movie , which still makes it much better than your typical bond knock-offs .
